Okay, so my name is Nate. I grew up in Woodland Hills, California. My dad actually built the house that we grew up in. It was at 22055 Sellis Street, and I lived across the street from the Abbeys. Thomas Abbey was my best friend growing up, but anyway, my dad built the house because he worked construction and lived in Kauai, one of the islands of Hawaii, for a long time. That's where he and my mom met. They paddled an outrigger canoe, but my dad would work construction and then he would paddle an outrigger canoe and play volleyball.


I played volleyball a lot growing up. I actually played baseball growing up first, and then when I was in eighth grade, I switched from baseball to volleyball because volleyball was better at my school. I ended up going and playing club for many years. I played one year at Sports Academy or two years at Sports Academy, and then I played at a club called Spectrum. That was the first club I ever played on. I played a lot of positions, and we ended up doing well in a bunch of tournaments.


Overall, I went to Moorpark Community College for a year because I graduated in 2020, and that was when COVID hit. It's kind of not a bummer, but we lost a lot of things, so I ended up going to Moorpark Community College for a year and then I transferred to USC, the University of Southern California, where I walked on to the volleyball team. I ended up becoming the starting setter after a year, and then I was cut
And being cut was really weird. My coach Jeff Nygaard, he actually played a lot of professional volleyball AVP style But yeah, he cut me and his reasoning was that I am Moving forward with the team that I believe has the best ability to win a national championship They ended up doing really shitty the next year So I felt really vindicated but actually that month or that week that I got cut I actually met my girlfriend Morgan Morgan K Alexander Peterson. We just call our Morgan Alexander But yeah, Morgan is my girlfriend and one of my best friends I've been together with her heck. That was a 2023 I Believe it was September of 2023 anyway, it was like the Yeah, it was it was good. I also like to do pottery I do a lot of pottery I Also love to surf surfing is a big a big thing for me And if I like think about all the people that I surf with Like I started surfing right during the like beginning of COVID and I've been like surfing is a big part of my life. Like as far as other hobbies go, like I love to cook. I love to play volleyball beach volleyball. And I love to surf and surfing. I like to night surf a lot. I surf Malibu mostly and when I say Malibu, it's not just Malibu in general. It's the break Malibu first point which is right by the pier. It's like a famous break also as far as like other surf spots, I like to go do and like I like to go to zeros I'd like to go to leo careo. I like to go to Huntington sometimes which is down south Usually I do south of the pier if I go to Huntington But anyway, like some of my best friends that I love to surf with are like Cole Richards He's like my best friend in the whole world. We grew up together from eighth grade onwards, we've been inseparable, so he's a really good friend of mine and Surfed with my other best friend and co-founder our ex co-founder of Trident Ember defense his name is Todd Gavin Todd went to USC with me I was a Because I was a big part of Surf Club at SC and then that's how I met a lot of my friends My other good buddy from Surf Club was Sean Yonka. That's J-A-N-K-A He is a he's a really good dude. He's a really good dude. He works at SpaceX actually and SpaceX just IPO'd so that was pretty good I also love playing pool. That's like another hobby that I really love I really really love playing pool and adding it to my gift list. I really want to get a nice cue I need to get a nice cue I'd also like to get a good car knife because I like to eat stuff in the car So that'd be another good gift for me Otherwise, I also want to get like a dive watch like a Garmin dive watch Oh another hobby I'd really like to spearfish and I recently went out with my buddy kolton Lye k o l t o n l y e is his last name Uh he really has a nice boat uh he works at uh Oracle uh he's the head of product at NetSuite But anyway he's a really good dude and a really good spear fisherman And ideally I'm gonna try and go out with him in a couple weeks Uh I also just started a job at Clipboard Health. I'm a territory account executive for them so that's like ongoing that's my day job but I also am just working on developing software doing stuff like that as far as favorite foods let's see I love eating steak I love brussel sprouts with bacon and balsamic glaze that's some really good one I make that a lot um I just love cooking for people My mom's name is Kristen she lives in Washington she's an arborist my dad is a superintendant his name is Brian Lisa my stepmom Lisa Hennessy she is a well she worked as a tv producer she actually produced Survivor and like a bunch of other a bunch of other uh shows like Biggest Loser but currently she has a company called The College Tour that me and Todd are helping work on to try and unlock its full potential overall though yeah I mean today for my job I drove to Whittier and was what I do for my job is essentially I work for clipboard health but I work for the I do long-term hiring for them so I try and get um skilled nursing facilities to adopt a long-term hiring vertical and that's kind of a uh like that's like instant book jobs so I it's it's pretty interesting but yeah that's what I do for work um but uh I also built an entire um like fire Defense Company that was called Trident Ember Defense me Todd and Cole all built that together and yeah we installed some systems and took a product to Market Yeah we yeah it was a good journey it is a good journey and it's not over it's just you know we needed money needed to get jobs needed to spend our time doing other things looking to rapidly prototype like life now you know we're trying to build something and get money and I love exercising my ability as a salesman I've always been naturally talented as a salesman so it's one of those things that I'm very happy to be using it right now um what else oh my favorite fruit is mango probably I love mango but I love all fruit like white nectarine watermelon stone fruit and like I love the farmers market I also love chocolate I also really really love like farmers market eggs I make a lot of eggs for breakfast I think that the best thing to start your day with when I'm when I'm going surfboarding or when I'm going surfing I like to ride my shortboards I have shorts or shortboards I kind of love going on Facebook marketplace and buying boards and whatnot but I also love connecting with people and not on Facebook market per se but just like connecting with people in my life so I'm always texting on my friends some of my best friends are Ron and Jen Skinner they live up in they live up in Goleta and they're older I think Ron's 60th birthday was like last month and then Jen's birthday is coming up but yeah there are some of my favorites and they have they have two kids Linnea and Kyle and Kyle actually Kyle Skinner and his wife Paloma we call her Lomi for short they just had another kid so their first child's name was Bo Bo Skinner and then now they just had another kid named Ollie but yeah he Kyle works at a company called flawless where they do kind of video production stuff but yeah he's been he's been kicking ass there for a little over a year but yeah I mean Cole Cole his family I'm very close with his family like Kara Lee she that's Cole's mom she is like one of my best friends and also like a good mother figure for me and then Cole's dad Tim Tim Richards he is a brilliant brilliant person he works at billion to one as their head of design and he's just he's just kicking ass there billion to one is a really cool company my girlfriend actually she graduated neuro she graduated Berkeley in neuroscience and she's looking for a job hopefully she moves down to Santa Monica where I live but yeah I mean that's a little snapshot bouncing around about my life. My brother's name is Jacob Tennant. My grandma, she's super human. Her name is Dolores Tennant. We call her D. She's incredible. She's about 90 years old now, I think maybe 91, and she's just been working since. She's built her own company. It's called Santana Formal. She's seen the ebbs and flows of it.


My aunt's name is Kim. She's a little bonkers, crazy town, but yeah, it's difficult.


My brother's an architect. He went to USC as well. He's really brilliant. He lives at 2020 North Main Street in Los Angeles. He lives at the Artist Lofts called The Brewery. He is brilliant and a great architect. He actually just opened his first restaurant in Dallas. It's not his restaurant, but it's the restaurant that he designed, so that's pretty cool.


My grandma got me a fillet knife for Christmas, which is really nice, or for my birthday. My birthday's on March 27th. Otherwise I love Yeti products, so I have a Yeti cooler that I use all the time, but I get a lot of stuff on Marketplace.